To have become your prisoner, surely,
This summer will become even more perfect
Even though we can’t go back, I won’t forget it
But my feelings someday will be conveyed across
I will eventually be woken up from this dream right?
A blue shadow sways into a street corner
No matter how many years pass, I can’t say it
Even if I regret it, I won’t mind
but till now, words will come out
hey, summertime
summmertime
I want to walk along the seafront street
Also, want to try and drive as well
Just a glance at you is enough
Hey, summertime
Walk along the beach till dawn
Wanting to be wrapped up in the sound of the sea
Her gestures are really sweet
To have become your prisoner, surely,
This summer will become even more perfect
Even though we can’t go back, I won’t forget it
But my feelings someday will be conveyed across
I will eventually be woken up from this dream right?
A blue shadow sways into a street corner